Initial sketch of anti-patterns (#12748)
elixir-lang/elixir: lib/elixir/pages/anti-patterns/what-anti-patterns.md

# What are anti-patterns?

Anti-patterns describe common mistakes or indicators of potential problems in code.

> They are also known by the term "code smells".

Reviewer: Maybe simpler wording here:

```suggestion
They are also known as "code smells".
```

The goal of these guides is to document known anti-patterns found in Elixir software
and teach developers how to identify and correct them. If an existing piece of code
matches an anti-pattern, it does not mean your code must be rewritten. However, you
should take its potential pitfalls and alternatives into consideration.

The anti-patterns in these guides are broken into 4 main categories:

  * **Code-related anti-patterns:** related to your code and particular
    language idioms and features;

>   * **Design-related anti-patterns:** related to your modules, functions,
>     and the role they play within a codebase;
> 

Reviewer: Maybe a rephrasing, wdyt of this:

```suggestion
  * **Design-related anti-patterns:** related to the design of your application, including how modules and functions work with each other within a codebase;

```

Author: I like that BUT I wanted to avoid using the term "application". For example, maybe some will think it does not apply to a library. Thoughts?

Reviewer: You can replace "application" with "code" in the proposed sentence and I still think it makes sense 👍

Author: The problem is that it then starts to sound just like "code-related anti-patterns".

  * **Process-related anti-patterns:** related to processes and process-based
    abstractions;

  * **Meta-programming anti-patterns:** related to meta-programming.

Each anti-pattern is documented using the following structure:

  * **Name:** Unique identifier of the anti-pattern. This name is important to facilitate
    communication between developers;

  * **Problem:** How the anti-pattern can harm code quality and what impacts this can have
    for developers;

  * **Example:** Code and textual descriptions to illustrate the occurrence of the anti-pattern;

  * **Refactoring:** Ways to change your code to improve its qualities. Examples of refactored
    code are presented to illustrate these changes.

The initial catalog of anti-patterns was proposed by Lucas Vegi and Marco Tulio Valente, from [ASERG/DCC/UFMG](http://aserg.labsoft.dcc.ufmg.br/). For more info, see [Code Smells in Elixir:
Early Results from a Grey Literature Review](https://github.com/lucasvegi/Elixir-Code-Smells/blob/main/etc/Code-Smells-in-Elixir-ICPC22-Lucas-Vegi.pdf)

> and [the associated code repository](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lucasvegi/Elixir-Code-Smells).

Author: @lucasvegi please let me know if you want to change anything on this page.

Reviewer 2: @josevalim I have opened a pull request to make minor adjustments in that section. (https://github.com/elixir-lang/elixir/pull/12749)
